Add remote sources to module on tofu test (#2651)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* Provider instance keys now automatically converted to string ([#2378](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/2378))
* Remove progress messages from commands using -concise argument ([#2549](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/2549))
* Upgrade aws-sdk version to include `mx-central-1` region. ([#2596](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2596))

> * Adding new remote module sources for tofu test ([#2651]https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2651)

Reviewer: `nitpick`
Not really sure about this, but would rework this to a more clear one to the users.
```suggestion
* Remove restriction on test module sources now allowing all source types for modules during tests ([#2651]https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/2651)
```

Author: That's a good idea, thanks!
